{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue233;
\red19\green104\blue233;\red31\green31\blue31;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;
\cssrgb\c6275\c50196\c93333;\cssrgb\c16471\c16471\c16471;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh18000\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa352\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs35\fsmilli17600 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Dubai's landmark building is the Burj Khalifa, which at 829.8 meters is the tallest building in the world and the most famous of the city's points of interest. For most visitors, a trip to the\'a0
\f1\b observation deck
\f0\b0 \'a0on the 124th floor here is a must-do while in the city. The views across the city skyline from this bird's-eye perspective are simply staggering. The slick observation deck experience includes a multimedia presentation on both Dubai and the building of the Burj Khalifa (completed in 2010) before a high-speed elevator whizzes you up to the observation deck for those 360-degree views out across the skyscrapers to the desert on one side and the ocean on the other.\
\
Nighttime visits are particularly popular with photographers due to Dubai's famous city-lights panoramas. Buy your Burj Khalifa "At the Top" Entrance Ticket in advance to avoid long line-ups, especially if you are planning to visit on a weekend.\
\
Back on the ground, wrapping around the Burj Khalifa, are the building's beautifully designed\'a0
\f1\b gardens,
\f0\b0 \'a0with winding walkways. There are plenty of water features including the\'a0
\f1\b Dubai Fountain
\f0\b0 , the world's tallest performing fountain.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.burjkhalifa.ae/en/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 https://www.burjkhalifa.ae/en/}}
\f2\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs35\fsmilli17600 \cf2 \cb3 \ulnone \strokec2 Dubai Mall
\f0\b0 \'a0is the city's premier mall and provides entry to the\'a0
\f1\b Burj Khalifa
\f0\b0 , as well as the\'a0
\f1\b Dubai Aquarium
\f0\b0 . There is also an ice-skating rink, gaming zone, and cinema complex if you're looking for more entertainment options. The shopping and eating is endless, and there are nearly always special events such as live music and fashion shows within the mall. The most famous of these are the annual\'a0
\f1\b Dubai Shopping Festival
\f0\b0 \'a0in January and February and the\'a0
\f1\b Dubai Summer Surprises
\f0\b0 \'a0Festival in July and August.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl580\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.thedubaimall.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb1 \strokec5 http://www.thedubaimall.com/}}\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa352\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Dubai's excellent museum is housed in the\'a0
\f1\b Al-Fahidi Fort
\f0\b0 , built in 1787 to defend Dubai Creek. The fort's walls are built out of traditional coral-blocks and held together with lime. The upper floor is supported by wooden poles, and the ceiling is constructed from palm fronds, mud, and plaster.\
\
In its history, the fort has served as a residence for the ruling family, a seat of government, garrison, and prison. Restored in 1971 (and again extensively in 1995), it is now the city's premier museum. The entrance has a fascinating exhibition of old maps of the Emirates and Dubai, showing the mammoth expansion that hit the region after the oil boom.\
\
The\'a0
\f1\b courtyard
\f0\b0 \'a0is home to several traditional boats and a palm-leaf house with an Emirati wind-tower. The\'a0
\f1\b right-hand hall
\f0\b0 \'a0features weaponry, and the\'a0
\f1\b left-hand hall
\f0\b0 \'a0showcases Emirati musical instruments. Below the ground floor are\'a0
\f1\b display halls
\f0\b0 \'a0with exhibits and dioramas covering various aspects of traditional Emirati life (including pearl fishing and Bedouin desert life), as well as artifacts from the 3,000- to 4,000-year-old graves at\'a0
\f1\b Al Qusais
\f0\b0 \'a0archaeological site.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl580\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs44\fsmilli22400 \cf6 \cb1 \strokec6 \
\
Dubai Frame\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl580\sa352\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs35\fsmilli17600 \cf2 \strokec2 Sitting slap-bang between Dubai's older neighborhoods clustered around the creek and the city's modern sprawl, this ginormous 150-meter-high picture frame is one of Dubai's latest sights. Inside, a series of galleries whisk you through the city's history and explore Emirati heritage before you travel up to the Sky Deck, where there are fantastic panoramas of both old and new Dubai to be snapped on the viewing platforms.\
\
Official Site:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.dubaiframe.ae/en"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \strokec5 https://www.dubaiframe.ae/en}}\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li750\sl400\sa278\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs33\fsmilli16800 \cf6 \cb3 \strokec6 Dubai Creek\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl580\sa352\partightenfactor0

\fs44\fsmilli22400 \cf6 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa352\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs35\fsmilli17600 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Dubai Creek separates the city into two towns, with\'a0
\f1\b Deira
\f0\b0 \'a0to the north and\'a0
\f1\b Bur Dubai
\f0\b0 \'a0to the south. The creek has been an influential element in the city's growth, first attracting settlers here to fish and pearl dive. Small villages grew up alongside the creek as far back as 4,000 years ago, while the modern era began in the 1830s when the Bani Yas tribe settled in the area.\
\
The\'a0
\f1\b Dhow Wharfage
\f0\b0 \'a0is located along Dubai Creek's bank, north of Al-Maktoum Bridge. Still used by small traders from across the Gulf, some of the dhows anchored here are well over 100 years old. You can visit here, watching cargo being loaded and unloaded on and off the dhows. Dhow workers often invite visitors onto the vessels for a tour, where you can gain insight into the life of these traditional sailors. Many of the dhows here travel onward to Kuwait, Iran, Oman, India, and down to Africa's horn. This tiny remnant of Dubai's traditional economy is still a bustling and fascinating place to wander around.\
\
On the Bur Dubai side of the creek, rubbing up against the Bastakia neighborhood, the waterfront has been regenerated as the\'a0
\f1\b Al Seef district
\f0\b0 , with a waterfront promenade backed by traditional coral-block and limestone buildings, a floating market, and shops selling crafts. It's a great place for a stroll with excellent water views.\
\
To travel across the creek, you can either take a trip on one of the many dhows that have been restored as tourist cruise boats or take an abra (small wooden ferry) between the ferry points on the creek's Bur Dubai and Deira banks.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl580\sa352\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs44\fsmilli22400 \cf6 \cb1 \strokec6 \
Sheikh Zayed Road\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa352\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs35\fsmilli17600 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Sheikh Zayed Road is the main thoroughfare running through Dubai's modern downtown business district. This wide, eight-lane highway is rimmed with towering glass, chrome, and steel high-rises along its entire length. It's one of the best on-the-ground vantage points for Dubai's famed skyscraper views.\
\
Main attractions are along, or just off, the strip between the roundabout and the first intersection, and most of Dubai's famous malls are located along the road's route. The\'a0
\f1\b Dubai World Trade Tower
\f0\b0 \'a0has an observation deck on its top floor, which offers visitors panoramic views (a cheaper option than the Burj Khalifa), and the\'a0
\f1\b Gold and Diamond Park\'a0
\f0\b0 (Sheikh Zayed Road) is a one-stop shop for jewelry lovers, with 118 manufacturers and 30 retailers all under one roof.\
\
Dubai Aquarium\
One of the city's top tourist attractions, the Dubai Aquarium houses 140 species of sea life in the huge suspended tank on the ground floor of the\'a0
\f1\b Dubai Mall
\f0\b0 . As well as free viewing from the mall, if you enter the\'a0
\f1\b Underwater Zoo
\f0\b0 , you can walk through the aquarium tunnels.\
\
Different activities help you get a closer look at the sea life. Glass bottom boat tours (on top of the tank) are particularly popular. Cage snorkeling and shark diving activities are also on offer.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa352\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Official site:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.thedubaiaquarium.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \strokec5 http://www.thedubaiaquarium.com}}\cf5 \strokec5 \
\
Burj al Arab\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 The Burj Al-Arab is the world's tallest hotel, standing 321 meters high on its own artificial island on the Dubai coastline. Designed to resemble a billowing dhow sail, the exterior of the building is lit up by a choreographed, colored lighting show at night.\
\
Jumeirah Beach\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa352\partightenfactor0
\cf2 This strip of sandy white bliss is the number one beach destination for Dubai visitors. Hotels are strung out all along its length, with this being one of the most popular places to stay for tourists. The beach has excellent facilities, with plenty of sun loungers, restaurants, and water sports operators offering jet skiing.\
\
While in the area, brush off the sand for an hour and visit the\'a0
\f1\b Majlis Ghorfat Um Al-Sheef
\f0\b0 , just a short hop from the beach. Built in 1955, this was the summer residence of the late Sheikh Rashid bin Saeed al-Maktoum. The residence, made out of gypsum and coral-block, has been restored and maintains much of the original beautiful decor, giving you a better understanding of the opulent lifestyle of Dubai's rulers. The\'a0
\f1\b Majlis Gardens
\f0\b0 \'a0feature a reproduction of an impressive Arab irrigation system and many shady date palms.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li750\sl400\sa278\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs33\fsmilli16800 \cf6 \strokec6 15. Ras Al Khor Wildlife Sanctuary\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs35\fsmilli17600 \cf2 \strokec2 \
You don't have to go too far away from the skyscrapers to soak up a more natural vista. The Ras Al Khor Wildlife Sanctuary incorporates the mangrove forests and wetlands of Dubai creek. An important stop-off on the migration routes, it's a prime place to spot flamingos in winter when massive flocks of these majestic pink birds wade through the lagoons, backdropped by soaring high-rises. Various hides in prime spots have been set up within the park to allow bird-watchers good views of the bird life.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl580\sa352\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://wildlife-ae.herokuapp.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb1 \strokec5 http://wildlife-ae.herokuapp.com}}\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li750\sl400\sa278\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs33\fsmilli16800 \cf6 \cb3 \strokec6 Mall of the Emirates\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl580\sa352\partightenfactor0

\fs44\fsmilli22400 \cf6 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs35\fsmilli17600 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Mall of the Emirates is one of the city's most famous malls, with the spectacular (and surreal)\'a0
\f1\b Ski Dubai\'a0
\f0\b0 facility inside. The indoor ski slope is complete with chairlifts and a penguin enclosure, all at a continuous temperature of -4 degrees Celsius. There's also a cinema complex and a family entertainment center with a whole host of rides aimed at both the big and small. The shopping opportunities are boundless, as are the eating options, offering every conceivable world cuisine.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li750\sl400\sa278\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs33\fsmilli16800 \cf6 \strokec6 Dubai Parks and Resorts\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0

\fs44\fsmilli22400 \cf6 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa352\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs35\fsmilli17600 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 At Dubai Parks and Resorts, your entertainment needs are all rolled together into one location. The only problem here is choosing what you want to do. This mammoth project incorporates a swag of world-class theme parks providing something for everyone, whatever your age.\'a0
\f1\b Motiongate
\f0\b0 \'a0takes its theme from Hollywood productions, with rides based around movie blockbusters;\'a0
\f1\b Bollywood Parks
\f0\b0 \'a0brings the world of India's famous movie industry alive on its rides; and\'a0
\f1\b Legoland Dubai\'a0
\f0\b0 and
\f1\b \'a0Legoland Waterpark\'a0
\f0\b0 provide younger visitors with a fun-packed day out on its interactive rides, water slides, and wave pool.\
\
The district's attached\'a0
\f1\b Riverland Dubai
\f0\b0 \'a0dining hub means that there's no need to leave after you've exhausted yourself with theme park pursuits, as there's plenty of evening entertainment here as well.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs44\fsmilli22400 \cf6 \cb1 \strokec6 \
aquaventure\

\f0\b0\fs35\fsmilli17600 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 This waterpark, based at\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.jdoqocy.com/click-2339553-10842362?URL=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tripadvisor.com%2FHotel_Review-s1-g295424-d1022759-Reviews-Atlantis_The_Palm-Dubai_Emirate_of_Dubai.html%3Fcja%3D10842362%26cjp%3D2339553%26m%3D13092"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \strokec5 Atlantis, The Palm}}\'a0on the\'a0
\f1\b Palm Jumeirah
\f0\b0 \'a0\'97 Dubai's famous man-made island development \'97 is a great place to cool off after a few days of hectic shopping and sightseeing. The waterslide action here is excellent and world-class, with the Aquaconda, the world's longest water slide; a nine-story-tall slide, aptly named the Leap of Faith; and water coaster rides. There's also underwater safaris using Sea TREK helmets; a dedicated water play area for smaller children with slides; and for when all your energy has been used up, a 700-meter sweep of white-sand beach.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.atlantis.com/dubai/atlantis-aquaventure"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 https://www.atlantis.com/dubai/atlantis-aquaventure}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
dubai miracle garden\
This is the zaniest garden ever. Not content with constructing the world's largest buildings and malls, Dubai has created the world's largest flower garden, spanning 2,000 square meters and home to a reputed 100 million flowers. Everything that can be covered with flowers has been, from twee English-style cottages to windmills and trucks. There's even a flower version of the Burj Khalifa. Stroll the walkways and enjoy the riot of color and the wacky flower displays.\
\
Official site:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.dubaimiraclegarden.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \strokec5 www.dubaimiraclegarden.com}}\cf5 \strokec5 \
\

\f1\b\fs44\fsmilli22400 \cf6 \cb1 \strokec6 \

\f0\b0\fs35\fsmilli17600 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa352\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl580\sa352\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs44\fsmilli22400 \cf6 \cb1 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li750\sl500\sa371\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl580\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs35\fsmilli17600 \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa352\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
}